# Exercise 3.1

Edit the following tutorial snippets to be consistent with both the Engineering style guide. If you feel like the tutorial is missing information, note what should be added but do not attempt to fill in gaps. 

### Style guidance 

HashiCorp voice is active, present tense, and directive.

The key principles are:
* Never use a metaphor, simile, or other figure of speech which you are used to seeing in print
* Never use a long word where a short one will do
* If it is possible to cut a word out, always cut it out.
* Never use the passive where you can use the active.
* Never use a foreign phrase, a scientific word, or a jargon word if you can think of an everyday English equivalent.

In addition to following the key principles, HashiCorp content should be inclusive, non-violent, and exclude ableist terms. 

## Terraform get started

To install Terraform, simply visit Terraform.io and download the compresed binary application executable file deliverable for your platform, machine or enviromnent on which you like to run code and do development.

With Terraform installed, let's dive right into it and start creating some infrastructure.

Its easiest to create a new directory on you're local machine and create Terraform configuration code inside it.

```shell
$ mkdir terraform-demo
$ cd terraform-demo
```

## Nomad demo environment 

First, use packer to build an AMI that is used for launching the Nomad Server and Client instances, Packer will tag the AMI with the created values so you can identify your new resources in the targeted environment. You can ommit the region flag if you are using the us-east-1 region.

```shell
packer build aws-packer.pkr.hcl
```

Next, we will need to navagate to the terraform AWS environment where you will be building the infrastructure components.

```shell
cd ../terraform/control
```

